This is the basic structure of a carbon impact calculator for the landscape design industry. I architected and coded the entire app from a Figma design created by the agency who started the project. I am currently maintaining the app. There are many more files, I opted to cut it way down here. Total active LoC is > 60k.

Next 11 / Strapi 3 / MUI / Stripe SDK / Cloudinary SDK

Login sends user to /pages/account/dashboard.js
Loading a project sends user to /pages/projects/[id].js
All the various sets of project data/state goes into some JSON files in Strapi, saved on input blur. There are 300+ data points and dozens of settings within each project.

There are a lot of charts (components/charts/...), originally I used the AMCharts service but it turned out to be way cleaner and more performant to just write the charts in pure CSS and cancel the paid AMCharts account.

There is a whole functionality where reports (on screen and PDF) are generated by turning the CSS charts into files with Playwright (running on a separate service) and sending those to Cloudinary to make either a PDF or a set of page preview images. I did not include this code because it is a very massive BEAST ha.

Also not included is a lot of proprietary calculations for how much carbon impact results from each input, etc.

========================================================
Bond by Sandbox FKA Landscape Carbon Calculator

Next.js 11 front end. Connects to Strapi 3 back end.
major versions are frozen bc compatibility and bad timing 🍻

Report previews and PDF generation uses Cloudinary and connects to image generation microservice on Render.com,
repo: bond-playwright-microservice

built for Elder Creek Landscapes by Flight LLC / Fox Scarlett

Lead Developer: Fox Scarlett github.com/fscarlett fox@foxscarlett.com

app:
https://www.bondc6.com

website:
https://www.sandboxc6.com
